README.md, before:

# rust-driver  ![Driver Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-pre--alpha-d6ae86.svg) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bblfsh/rust-driver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bblfsh/rust-driver) ![Native Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust%20version-nightly--2017--02--20-aa93ea.svg) ![Go Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/go%20version-1.8-63afbf.svg)



Development Environment
-----------------------

Requirements:
- `docker`
- [`bblfsh-sdk`](https://github.com/bblfsh/sdk) _(go get -u gopkg.in/bblfsh/sdk.v1/...)_
- UAST converter dependencies _(go get -t -v ./...)_

To initialize the build system execute: `bblfsh-sdk prepare-build`, at the root of the project. This will install the SDK at `.sdk` for this driver.

To execute the tests just execute `make test`, this will execute the test over the native and the go components of the driver. Use `make test-native` to run the test only over the native component or `make test-driver` to run the test just over the go component.

The build is done executing `make build`. To evaluate the result using a docker container, execute:
`docker run -it bblfsh/rust-driver:dev-<commit[:7]>-dirty`


License
-------

GPLv3, see [LICENSE](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update manifest and other files to latest SDK
Signed-off-by: Juanjo Alvarez <juanjo@sourced.tech>

README.md, after:

# Rust driver for [Babelfish](https://github.com/bblfsh/bblfshd) ![Driver Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-pre--alpha-d6ae86.svg) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bblfsh/rust-driver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bblfsh/rust-driver) ![Native Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust%20version-nightly--2017--02--20-aa93ea.svg) ![Go Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/go%20version-1.8-63afbf.svg)

Development Environment
-----------------------

Requirements:
- `docker`
- [`bblfsh-sdk`](https://github.com/bblfsh/sdk) _(go get -u gopkg.in/bblfsh/sdk.v2/...)_
- UAST converter dependencies _(dep ensure --vendor-only)_

To initialize the build system execute: `bblfsh-sdk update`, at the root of the project. This will generate the `Dockerfile` for this driver.

To execute the tests just execute `bblfsh-sdk test`, this will execute the test over the native and the go components of the driver using Docker.

The build is done executing `bblfsh-sdk build`. To evaluate the result using a docker container, execute:
`bblfsh-sdk build test-driver && docker run -it test-driver`.


License
-------

GPLv3, see [LICENSE](LICENSE)
